This is Nicole-Rene's Slack App project created as part of the Adobe Career Academy 2023 program. The Lambda version of this
App is designed to operate on AWS Lambda (a FaaS, serverless
platform). This program uses libraries including slack_sdk,
slack_bolt, and openai. Environment variables are configured
in AWS Lambda settings.

My Slack Bot is named Nicole-Rene's Helper Bot. It uses AWS Lambda to operate on the cloud within the FaaS model. In addition to providing emotional support and options to help provide a burst of cheer to users, my bot also integrates with ChatGPT for powerful AI-generated content. The functions include multiple /slash commands in addition to listening for certain keywords in messages that indicate a user is going through a hard time and feeling a negative emotion.

If my bot hears a message in which someone mentions they are feeling angry, sad, mad, upset, depressed, etc., it reaches out to ChatGPT for an inspirational message that can help cheer that user up within the context of their particular problem. My bot also responds with a cheerful greeting to a mention and a wave emoji. The /cuteanimals command results in a random photo of cute animals being displayed. Similarly, the /inspiration function can be used to view a random inspirational quote and its speaker/author (this is generated by ChatGPT). Finally, to make the usage nearly limitless, users can use the /chatgpt command followed by their own message/prompt to request almost anything from ChatGPT.

The available functions are as follows:  
/help - displays the available commands  
/cuteanimals - displays a random photo of cute animals  
/inspiration - displays a random famous inspirational quote  
/chatgpt + message/prompt - requests a response from ChatGPT  
Mention @Nicole-Rene's Helper Bot - bot greets user and suggests /help command  
Mention :wave: in message - bot waves back to you  
Mention feeling a negative emotion - ChatGPT responds with an encouraging message  